README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif" width="50" />
  <h1>Hello, I'm Awoke Worket</h1>
  <p><strong>Software Engineer | Full-Stack Developer | Problem Solver</strong></p>
  
  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/kaletsidik"><img src="https://img.badgesize.io/https://github.com/kaletsidik/kaletsidik/blob/main/README.md?label=Profile%20Status&color=0891b2&style=flat-square" /></a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-Yes-0891b2?style=flat-square" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenToWork-Yes-0891b2?style=flat-square" />
  </p>
</div>

---

### 🌍 About Me
  I’m a **Full-Stack Developer** working with the Django,MySql, Express.js, React, Node.js... I enjoy building fast, responsive web applications and writing clean, efficient code that creates smooth user experiences. I also work with data using Python, especially Pandas and NumPy, and I like turning raw data into meaningful insights for better decision-making. I’m always learning new technologies. Right now, I’m exploring cloud computing and DevOps to improve how applications are built, deployed, and maintained. Fun facts: • I enjoy solving real-world problems with code • I like combining AI concepts with full-stack projects • I believe debugging is like solving a puzzle • I’m curious, consistent, and community-driven Let’s connect, collaborate, and build something awesome.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **Full-Stack Enterprise Solutions**
- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Advanced System Design & Cloud Architecture**
- ✉️ Reach me at: **[awokeworket@gmail.com](mailto:awokeworket@gmail.com)**
- ⚡ Fun fact: I believe clean code is just as important as code that works.

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack & Skills

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td align="center" width="25%"><strong>Languages</strong></td>
    <td align="center" width="25%"><strong>Frontend</strong></td>
    <td align="center" width="25%"><strong>Backend/DB</strong></td>
    <td align="center" width="25%"><strong>Tools</strong></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,ts,js,cs,cpp,php" />
    </td>
    <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript,react,nextjs,vue,angular,tailwind,bootstrap" />
    </td>
      <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,ts,js,cs,cpp,php" />
    </td>
    <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript,react,nextjs,vue,angular,tailwind,bootstrap" />
    </td>
    <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs,express,fastapi,postgres,mysql,mongodb,firebase,supabase" />
    </td>
    <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,vscode,postman,docker,figma" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

### 📊 Performance Metrics
<div align="center">
  <table border="0">
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kaletsidik&show_icons=true&count_private=true&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&border_radius=10" alt="GitHub Stats" height="180px" />
      </td>
      <td>
        <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kaletsidik&langs_count=8&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&layout=compact&border_radius=10" alt="Top Languages" height="180px" />
      </td>
    </tr>
  </table>
  
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=kaletsidik&stroke=ffffff&background=1c1917&ring=0891b2&fire=0891b2&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=0891b2&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff&hide_border=true" width="100%" />
</div>

---

### 🤝 Let's Connect
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.github.com/kaletsidik" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github-dark.svg" width="32" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://kaletsidik.hashnode.dev" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/hashnode.svg" width="32" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:awokeworket@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/gmail-new.png" width="32" />
  </a>
</p>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0891b2&height=100&section=footer" width="100%" />
</div>

Commit message:

Revise 'About Me' section in README.md
Updated personal information and professional focus in the README.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif" width="50" />
  <h1>Hello, I'm Awoke Worket</h1>
  <p><strong>Software Engineer | Full-Stack Developer | Problem Solver</strong></p>
  
  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/kaletsidik"><img src="https://img.badgesize.io/https://github.com/kaletsidik/kaletsidik/blob/main/README.md?label=Profile%20Status&color=0891b2&style=flat-square" /></a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-Yes-0891b2?style=flat-square" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenToWork-Yes-0891b2?style=flat-square" />
  </p>
</div>

---

### 🌍 About Me
 ### 🌍 About Me
I am an **Information Systems (IS) student at Addis Ababa University (AAU)**, specializing in Full-Stack Web Development and digital storytelling. I combine the analytical nature of IS with the creative power of web design and video editing to build applications that are as functional as they are engaging.

- 🎓 **Education:** Information Systems @ Addis Ababa University
- 💻 **Web Dev:** Expert in Django, PHP, and React.js
- 🎯 **Goal:** Building modern tech solutions for the Ethiopian digital ecosystem.
- ✉️ Reach me at: **[awokeworket@gmail.com](mailto:awokeworket@gmail.com)**
- ⚡ Fun fact: I believe clean code is just as important as code that works.

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack & Skills

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td align="center" width="25%"><strong>Languages</strong></td>
    <td align="center" width="25%"><strong>Frontend</strong></td>
    <td align="center" width="25%"><strong>Backend/DB</strong></td>
    <td align="center" width="25%"><strong>Tools</strong></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,ts,js,cs,cpp,php" />
    </td>
    <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript,react,nextjs,vue,angular,tailwind,bootstrap" />
    </td>
      <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,ts,js,cs,cpp,php" />
    </td>
    <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript,react,nextjs,vue,angular,tailwind,bootstrap" />
    </td>
    <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs,express,fastapi,postgres,mysql,mongodb,firebase,supabase" />
    </td>
    <td align="top">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,vscode,postman,docker,figma" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

### 📊 Performance Metrics
<div align="center">
  <table border="0">
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kaletsidik&show_icons=true&count_private=true&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&border_radius=10" alt="GitHub Stats" height="180px" />
      </td>
      <td>
        <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kaletsidik&langs_count=8&title_color=0891b2&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=0891b2&bg_color=1c1917&hide_border=true&layout=compact&border_radius=10" alt="Top Languages" height="180px" />
      </td>
    </tr>
  </table>
  
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=kaletsidik&stroke=ffffff&background=1c1917&ring=0891b2&fire=0891b2&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=0891b2&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff&hide_border=true" width="100%" />
</div>

---

### 🤝 Let's Connect
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.github.com/kaletsidik" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github-dark.svg" width="32" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://kaletsidik.hashnode.dev" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/hashnode.svg" width="32" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:awokeworket@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/gmail-new.png" width="32" />
  </a>
</p>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0891b2&height=100&section=footer" width="100%" />
</div>
